## Title

```
const titleName = "Financial Analysis";
const spaceLine = "-".repeat(16);

console.log(titleName);
console.log(spaceLine);
```

titleName.length: This retrieves the length of the string stored in the variable titleName. The length property of a string returns the number of characters in the string.

"-".repeat(...): The repeat method is a built-in method in JavaScript that creates a new string by repeating an existing string a specified number of times. In this case, the string being repeated is "-", and the number of repetitions is equal to the length of the string stored in titleName.

const spaceLine = ...;: This declares a constant variable named spaceLine and assigns it the value generated by "-".repeat(titleName.length).

Putting it all together, the purpose of this code is to create a string (spaceLine) consisting of hyphens ("-") repeated a number of times equal to the length of the titleName string. This is often used to create a separator line with a length matching the length of the title when printed to the console. For example, if titleName is "Financial Analysis" with a length of 17 characters, then spaceLine will be "-----------------".

## 1️⃣ Total Number of Months - Solution:

```
var allMonths = finances.map(entry => entry[0].split('-')[0]);
var totalMonths = allMonths.length;
console.log("Total number of months: " + totalMonths);
```

I employed the concatenation method to join strings and variables in my code. Nevertheless, I find it more preferable to utilize the "Template literals" approach.

For example:

` Total amount of Profit/Losses: ${netTotal} `

This preference arises because it eliminates the need for the "+" operator and parentheses. Thus,enhancing code readability and significantly speeding up the typing process.

Reference: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals


## Task 2 Solution

```
var netTotal = finances.reduce((total, entry) => total + entry[1], 0);

var formattedNetTotal = new Intl.NumberFormat('en-US', {
  style: 'currency',
  currency: 'USD',
  minimumFractionDigits: 0,
  maximumFractionDigits: 0
}).format(netTotal).replace(/,/g, '');

console.log("Total amount of Profit/Losses: " + formattedNetTotal);

```

New Intl.NumberFormat('en-US', {...}): 

This part creates a new instance of the Intl.NumberFormat object, which is an internationalization object that helps you format numbers according to the specified locale and options. In this case, it's set to the English (United States) locale ('en-US').

{ style: 'currency', 
currency: 'USD', 
minimumFractionDigits: 0, 
maximumFractionDigits: 0 }: 

These are the options passed to the Intl.NumberFormat constructor. It specifies that the number should be formatted as currency ('style: 'currency'') in US dollars ('currency: 'USD''). Additionally, minimumFractionDigits and maximumFractionDigits are set to 0, meaning no decimal places will be shown.

.format(netTotal): 

This method of the Intl.NumberFormat object takes the netTotal variable and formats it according to the specified options. This will add commas for thousands separators and format the number as a currency.

.replace(/,/g, ''): 

This part uses the replace method to remove commas from the formatted number. The regular expression /,/g matches all occurrences of commas in the string, and '' is the replacement, effectively removing the commas.

So, the overall purpose of this code is to format the netTotal variable as a currency in USD without any decimal places, and then remove any commas, resulting in a string: "$38382578".
